[Music]
when someone asks if they're
proportioned correctly 4x3 or if they're
too big or too small or something like
that Andre Drummond is an NBA player
he's actually a Hall of Famer NBA player
he plays with the Detroit Pistons he has
no trouble doing any of the movements
obviously he has very wide shoulders
there's also seven NFL players right now
that are using x3 and the number is
growing all the time recently a lot of
NFL players have been talking about x3
and they've been switching completely
over so they're dropping weights and
using x3 just a little side note working
with athletes is great because they
don't care how much they bench or squat
they're paid to perform on the field so
they're gonna do whatever is best which
is a great segue into talking about bar
width so another question we get is why
isn't the bar wider I like to do wide
grip bench press so the reason people
like wide grip bench press is because
it's easier or you can handle more
weight because the distance the arm has
to travel when it's matched with the
shoulders is a lot longer than if you
grab out here if this is a shorter
distance now that's okay if you're doing
like a feat of strength if you're in a
bench press competition a wide grip is a
better idea because you're gonna be able
to handle more force but really a wide
grip is great for talking about your
bench press so like a lot of the guys on
the internet they like bragging about
how much they bench but that doesn't
mean you're stronger so x3 is designed
to get you stronger so just in a simple
illustration where is the pectoral I put
my arm out here like I'm doing a wide
grip is the pectoral fully contracted
right here no it's fully contracted
right here so you're actually not
stimulating the muscles you're trying to
stimulate when you do wide grip so wide
grips really just great if you want
talk about your benchpress not actually
get stronger x3 is for getting stronger
so you want a much more narrow grip so
you can squeeze those pectorals and
stimulate what you're intending to
stimulate when doing the contraction